---
title: Spliting Apps
layout: post
category: en
---

Splitting things apart needs courage, but it's necessary when things
go wrong.

A big app often contains unnecessary part that stick different
functions together, but all those things may have already implemented
well in other apps, and they are nothing related to your core
business. For example, if you are doing an app that can search
different social networks, then you just need search. You don't need
anything else such as friends system, posting system, group system and
etc. If you are doing an app about coupons, then you don't need feed
system, camera system and etc. Well, and in the same condition, if you
are doing an app about something, then make it all about that thing.

And if you find something in your app that cannot be removed but
unnecessary, consider splitting your apps up. An app about taking
photos and receiving coupons, may be splitted into an app about taking
photos, and another about receiving coupons. At that time, you will
find that you can release the burden of the feed system, and the
friend system, which has already implemented well in other social
network apps. In addition, you will attract users who just want taking
photos, and users who have already taken photos in other places, but
just want their coupons.

A big app may be confusing for users. Even a user installed it, she
will not use it that often, because it has many similar parts to other
big apps, which they are familiar. Big apps often involves lots of
context, and requires users to remember many things. However,
splitting a big app makes things precise and easy to understand. A
user will easily understand that under which situation will this app
be useful, and when that situation happens, she will think of this app
immediately.

Many apps have fancy UIs and fancy functions, but users just want to
use it to get their stuff done, and you just want to use it to get
your business done. Apps are tools for business needs.
